Add more details to cross-cluster page #20230811 #20231102 #20230804 (#6657)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/cross-cluster-search.md

## Authentication flow

> The following sequence describes the authentication flow when using cross-cluster search to access a *remote cluster* from a *coordinating cluster*. You can have different authentication and authorization configurations on the remote and coordinating cluster, but we recommend using the same settings on both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence describes the authentication flow when using cross-cluster search to access a *remote cluster* from a *coordinating cluster*. You can have different authentication and authorization configurations on the remote and coordinating clusters, but we recommend using the same settings on both.
```

1. The Security plugin authenticates the user on the coordinating cluster.
1. The Security plugin fetches the user's backend roles on the coordinating cluster.
1. The call, including the authenticated user, is forwarded to the remote cluster.
1. The user's permissions are evaluated on the remote cluster.

## Setting permissions

> To query indexes on remote clusters, users must have `READ` or `SEARCH` permissions. Furthermore, when the search request includes the query parameter `ccs_minimize_roundtrips=false` – which tells OpenSearch not to minimize outgoing and incoming requests to remote clusters – users need to have the following additional permission for the index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query indexes on remote clusters, users must have `READ` or `SEARCH` permissions. Furthermore, when the search request includes the query parameter `ccs_minimize_roundtrips=false`---which tells OpenSearch not to minimize outgoing and incoming requests to remote clusters---users need to have the following additional index permission:
```

```

#### Example role in OpenSearch Dashboards

![OpenSearch Dashboards UI for creating a cross-cluster search role]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/security-ccs.png)

## Sample Docker setup

> To define permissions on Docker, save the following sample file as `docker-compose.yml`, and run `docker-compose up` to start two single-node clusters on the same network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define Docker permissions, save the following sample file as `docker-compose.yml` and run `docker-compose up` to start two single-node clusters on the same network:
```

  opensearch-net:
```

> After the clusters start, verify the names of each using the following commands.

Reviewer: Should this end in a colon?

Author: Thats changed now

  }
}'
```
All of the cURL requests can also be sent using OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools.
{: .tip }

> Following image is the example of cURL request using Dev Tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image shows an example of a cURL request using Dev Tools:
```

  }
}'
```

> All of the curl requests can also be sent using OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the cURL requests can also be sent using OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools.
```

> All of the curl requests can also be sent using OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools.

Reviewer: "using the OpenSearch Dashboards Dev Tools console"?

{: .tip }

> ![OpenSearch Dashboards UI for configuring remote cluster for Cross-cluster search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/ccs-devtools.png)

Reviewer: Please reference in the preceding text.

Author: I've now added a line before the image, If thats what you meant @natebower

Reviewer: @AntonEliatra Yes, correct. See my edits.

curl -XPUT -k -u 'admin:<custom-admin-password>' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'https://localhost:9200/_plugins/_security/api/rolesmapping/booksrole' -d '{"users" : ["booksuser"]}'
```

> Both clusters must have the user role present, but only the remote cluster needs the role and mapping. In this case, the coordinating cluster handles authentication (that is, "Does this request include valid user credentials?"), and the remote cluster handles authorization (that is, "Can this user access this data?").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both clusters must have the user role, but only the remote cluster needs both the role and mapping. In this case, the coordinating cluster handles authentication (that is, "Does this request include valid user credentials?"), and the remote cluster handles authorization (that is, "Can this user access this data?").
```

  }]
}
```

> ## Sample Bare metal/virtual machines setup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sample bare metal/virtual machines setup
```

> ## Sample bare metal/virtual machines setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample bare metal/virtual machine setup
```

If you are running OpenSearch on a bare metal server or using a virtual machine, you can run the same commands, specifying the IP (or domain) of the OpenSearch cluster.

> For example, in order to configure remote cluster for Cross-cluster search, find the IP of the remote node or domain of the remote cluster and run command:

Reviewer: Either combine with the previous sentence or insert a line break. Should we tell/link the reader where they can find the IP or the domain?

> For example, in order to configure remote cluster for Cross-cluster search, find the IP of the remote node or domain of the remote cluster and run command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in order to configure a remote cluster for cross-cluster search, find the IP of the remote node or domain of the remote cluster and run the following command:
```

```json
curl -k -XPUT -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -u 'admin:<custom-admin-password>' 'https://opensearch-domain-1:9200/_cluster/settings' -d '
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster.remote": {
      "opensearch-ccs-cluster2": {
        "seeds": ["opensearch-domain-2:9300"]
      }
    }
  }
}'
```

> It is enough to point to only one of the node IPs on the remote cluster, as node discovery process will query all nodes in that cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is sufficient to point to only one of the node IPs on the remote cluster because all nodes in the cluster will be queried as part of the node discovery process.
```

{: .tip }

> You can now run queries across both clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run queries across both clusters:
```

```bash
curl -XGET -k -u 'admin:<custom-admin-password>' 'https://opensearch-domain-1:9200/opensearch-ccs-cluster2:books/_search?pretty'
{
  ...
  "hits": [{
    "_index": "opensearch-ccs-cluster2:books",
    "_id": "1",
    "_score": 1.0,
    "_source": {
      "Dracula": "Bram Stoker"
    }
  }]
}
```

## Sample Kubernetes/Helm setup

> If you are using Kubernetes clusters to deploy OpenSearch, you have to configure the remote cluster using the `LoadBalancer` or `Ingress` services. The services that get created using the following [Helm]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/helm/) example are of the `ClusterIP` type and are only be accessible inside the cluster, therefore external services need to be used.

Reviewer: Second sentence: Given that we already refer to services in both the first and third sentences, should we use a different word in "The services created"?

Author: I've reworded this slightly to:
```
## Sample Kubernetes/Helm setup
If you are using Kubernetes clusters to deploy OpenSearch, you need to configure the remote cluster using either the `LoadBalancer` or `Ingress`. The kubernetes services created using the following [Helm]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/install-opensearch/helm/) example are of the `ClusterIP` type and are only accessible from within the cluster; therefore, you must use an externally accessible endpoint:
```

Reviewer: @AntonEliatra Looks good, but the second instance of "Kubernetes" should be capitalized.

Author: @natebower thats fixed now
